Add http2 monitoring documentation (#22836)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/universal_service_monitoring/setup.md

{{< /tabs >}}

> ### HTTP/2 Monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### HTTP/2 monitoring
```

> Universal Service Monitoring is available to capture HTTP/2 and gRPC traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Universal Service Monitoring can capture HTTP/2 and gRPC traffic.
```

Requires Agent version 7.53 or greater.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Configuration file" %}}

Add the following configuration to the `system-probe.yaml`:

```yaml
service_monitoring_config:
  enable_http2_monitoring: true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Environment variable" %}}

```conf
DD_SERVICE_MONITORING_CONFIG_ENABLE_HTTP2_MONITORING=true
```
{{% /tab %}}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{< /tabs >}}

### HTTP/2 Monitoring

<div class="alert alert-info">

> Universal Service Monitoring is available in <strong>beta</strong> to capture <a href="https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7540">HTTP/2</a> traffic.

Reviewer 2: Not beta

### HTTP/2 Monitoring

> Universal Service Monitoring is available to capture HTTP/2 traffic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Universal Service Monitoring is available to capture HTTP/2 and gRPC traffic.
```
